docs: Add link to "omit" DB configuration (#6590)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/usage/database-management.md

DDEV provides lots of flexibility for managing your databases between your local, staging and production environments. You may commonly use the [`ddev import-db`](../usage/commands.md#import-db) and [`ddev export-db`](../usage/commands.md#export-db) commands, but there are plenty of other adaptable ways to work with your databases.

> If your project does _not_ require a database, you can exclude it with the the ["omit_containers" configuration option](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/users/configuration/config/#omit_containers).

Reviewer: Thank you, I have a small adjustment:

```suggestion
If your project does _not_ require a database, you can exclude it with the the [`omit_containers` configuration option](../configuration/config.md#omit_containers).
```

Author: Good call.
